Book Genesis and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 

# Data Processing Agreements

Book Genesis is committed to helping our customers run their sites and online businesses
in a manner that complies with the GDPR’s data protection and data transfer laws.

One way we are fulfilling our commitment is by providing a Data Processing Agreement,
which is a contract that documents Book Genesis’s compliance with the GDPR requirements
that apply to us as a data processor for your site. The Agreement also satisfies the
requirement for standard model clauses that govern the transfer of your data to Book
Genesis and its subsidiaries.

The Data Processing Agreement is an amendment to our Terms of Service and is available
to all WordPress.com site owners. You can read our Data Processing Agreement here.

Having a DPA does not change any of our privacy and security practices for site
visitors. Everyone using our service gets the same high standards of privacy and
security.

## How Do I get a Data Processing Agreement?
If you would like to sign a Data Processing Agreement with us, you can click the
“Request a DPA” button in your dashboard while logged into your WordPress.com account.
This will automatically send a DPA to your account’s email address which you can sign
and return to privacypolicyupdates@Book Genesis.com for processing.

## What kind of site is a DPA most useful for?
The data you share with Book Genesis, about yourself, is covered by our Privacy Policy,
which outlines Book Genesis’s commitments on handling your data, in line with the GDPR.
Some users – mostly businesses – use their site in a way that involves sharing data
about other people with Book Genesis.

For example, a site owner might have a store on WordPress.com, that collects and stores
other people’s names and addresses, and uses that information to ship packages to them.

For this type of information, the site owner (usually a business) is acting as a “Data
Controller” – under GDPR, if the controller is handling data on EU residents, he or she
should have a contract in place that applies to this controlled data and includes some
additional commitments, above and beyond our standard policies. This “Data Processing
Agreement” is a business to business agreement and is not relevant or needed for the
typical free site owner or hobbyists.

If you are acting as a data controller in this way or have specific concerns about
getting an Agreement to cover your use of WordPress.com please get in touch and we will
work with you to help.