Data Processing Addendum

In providing the services described in our (Terms of
Service)[https://bookgenesis.com/legal/Terms-of-Service] (“Terms of Service” or
“Agreement”), we at Book Genesis process personal data on behalf of the users of those
services (“Users”), for which we act as the processor under applicable data protection
laws and our users act as the controllers. That personal data is referred to as
“Controller Data,” as further described below.

This Data Processing Addendum (“Addendum”) to our Terms of Service explains our data
protection obligations and rights as a processor of the Controller Data, as well as the
data protection obligations and rights of our Users as the controllers. Except in
respect of the data protection obligations and rights of the parties set out in this
Addendum, the provisions of the Agreement shall remain unchanged and shall continue in
force.

This Addendum is between the User and Book Genesis, Inc. (“Book Genesis” or “we”/“us”).

## 1\. Role of the Parties

Book Genesis and the User agree that with regard to the processing of the Controller
Data, Book Genesis is the processor and the User is the controller.
 
## 2\. Scope of the Processing

2.1. Book Genesis shall process the Controller Data on behalf of and in accordance with
the instructions of the User. If Book Genesis is legally required to process Controller
Data for another purpose, Book Genesis will inform the User of that legal requirement
unless the law prohibits Book Genesis from doing so.

2.2. The processing of Controller Data by Book Genesis occurs for the purpose of
providing Book Genesis’s website creation and management services to our Users, and
Controller Data is comprised exclusively of personal data relating to data subjects who
use a User’s website, which may include a User’s customers, subscribers, followers,
employees or other administrative users. Controller Data does not include content or
personal data provided by any of the foregoing persons to Book Genesis in that person’s
capacity as a user of WordPress.com or another service provided directly to the person
by Book Genesis.

If you use our Polldaddy service, the Polldaddy Terms and Conditions at
https://polldaddy.com/terms/ also apply. If you use Akismet, the Akismet Terms of Use at
https://akismet.com/tos/ also apply. And if you use WooCommerce, the WooCommerce Use
Terms at https://woocommerce.com/terms-conditions also apply.
   
The type of Controller Data processed by Book Genesis depends on the services and
features that the User decides to implement for the User’s website, and may include
username and credentials; name; contact information, such as e-mail address, physical
address, and telephone number; billing information, such as credit card data and billing
address; website usage information, IP address, and other technical data such as browser
type, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time
of access, operating system, and mobile network information; approximate location data
(from IP address); information regarding interactions with the website, such as
“comments,” poll responses, “ratings,” and “likes”; and other information directly
provided to the User’s website by a visitor to the website, such as contact form
submissions.

The duration of processing corresponds to the duration of the Agreement, which is
described in the Terms of Service.

2.3. The instructions of the User are in principle conclusively stipulated and
documented in the provisions of this Addendum. Individual instructions which deviate
from the stipulations of this Addendum or which impose additional requirements shall
require Book Genesis’s consent.

2.4. The User is responsible for the lawfulness of the processing of the Controller
Data. In case third parties assert a claim against Book Genesis based on the
unlawfulness of processing Controller Data, the User shall release Book Genesis of any
and all such claims.

2.5. Book Genesis reserves the right to anonymize the Controller Data or to aggregate
data in a way which does not permit the identification of a natural person, as well as
the right to use the data in this form for purposes of designing, further developing,
optimizing, and providing its services to the User as well as to other users of the
service. The parties agree that the Controller Data rendered anonymous or aggregated as
above-mentioned are no longer classified as Controller Data in terms of this Addendum.

2.6. Book Genesis has the right to collect, use, and disclose any WordPress.com User
Data in accordance with the Book Genesis privacy policy, which is available at
https://Book Genesis.com/privacy/. “WordPress.com User Data”means any information
collected by Book Genesis from or about a visitor to User’s website (including any
contributor or editor), while that visitor is logged into a WordPress.com account. The
Parties agree that Book Genesis’s processing of WordPress.com User Data is independent
of the services that Book Genesis provides to User for the User’s website, and is not
subject to this Addendum.

2.7. The parties further agree that Book Genesis’s processing of data to deliver
interest- based ads to the User’s website, when such ads are enabled for free
WordPress.com websites or on a website through WordAds or Jetpack Ads, is not subject to
this Addendum.

3. Book Genesis’s Personnel Requirements

3.1. Book Genesis shall require all personnel engaged in the processing of Controller
Data to treat Controller Data as confidential.

3.2. Book Genesis shall ensure that natural persons acting under Book Genesis’s
authority who have access to Controller Data shall process such data only on Book
Genesis’s instructions.

4. Security of Processing

4.1. Book Genesis takes all appropriate technical and organisational measures, taking
into account the state of the art, the implementation costs, and the nature, the scope,
circumstances, and purposes of the processing of Controller Data, as well as the
different likelihood and severity of the risk to the rights and freedoms of the data
subject, in order to ensure a level of protection appropriate to the risk of Controller
Data.

4.2. In particular, Book Genesis shall establish prior to the beginning of the
processing of Controller Data and maintain throughout the term the technical and
organisational measures as specified in Annex 1 to this Addendum and ensure that the
processing of Controller Data is carried out in accordance with those measures.

4.3. Book Genesis shall have the right to modify technical and organisational measures
during the term of the Agreement, as long as they continue to comply with the statutory
requirements.

5. Further processors

5.1. The User hereby authorizes Book Genesis to engage further processors in a general
manner in order to provide its services to the User. For Users whose Agreement is with
Aut O’Mattic Ltd. (Ireland), the further processors currently engaged by Aut O’Mattic
Ltd. (Ireland) include its related companies Book Genesis Inc. (US) and Bubblestorm
Management Proprietary Limited (WooCommerce). The User may request a complete list of
further processors from Book Genesis. In general, no authorization is required for
contractual relationships with service providers that are not actively processing
Controller Data but are only concerned with the examination or maintenance of data
processing procedures or systems by third parties or that involve other additional
services, even if access to Controller Data cannot be excluded, as long as Book Genesis
takes reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality of the Controller Data.

5.2. Book Genesis shall inform the User of any intended changes concerning the addition
or replacement of further processors. The User is entitled to object to any intended
change. An objection may only be raised by the User for important reasons which have to
be proven to Book Genesis. If the User objects, Book Genesis is prohibited from making
the intended change. Insofar as the User does not object within 14 days after receipt of
the notification, the User’s right to object to the corresponding engagement lapses. If
the User objects, Book Genesis is entitled to terminate the Agreement on reasonable
notice.

5.3. The agreement between Book Genesis and further processors must impose the same
obligations on the latter as those incumbent upon Book Genesis under this Addendum. The
parties agree that this requirement is fulfilled if the contract has a level of
protection corresponding to this Addendum and if the obligations laid down in applicable
data protection laws are imposed on the further processor. In case Book Genesis engages
a further processor outside of the EU, the User hereby authorises Book Genesis to
conclude an agreement with another processor on behalf of the User based on the standard
contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors in third countries
pursuant to the decision of the European Commission of February 5, 2010 (“SCC”) and to
specify the content of the SCC in accordance with this Addendum. The User hereby
authorizes and instructs Book Genesis to exercise the User’s rights under any SCC
towards the further processors on its behalf in accordance with the instructions in this
Addendum. Notwithstanding, Book Genesis may safeguard an adequate level of protection in
a third country also by other means including binding corporate rules and other
appropriate safeguards.

5.4. Book Genesis shall monitor the technical and organisational measures taken by the
further processors.

6. Support obligations of Book Genesis

6.1. Book Genesis shall to a reasonable extent support the User with technical and
organisational measures in fulfilling the User’s obligation to respond to requests for
exercising data subjects’ rights.

6.2. Book Genesis shall notify the User promptly after becoming aware of any breach of
the security of Controller Data in terms of Art. 4 no. 12 GDPR, in particular any
incidents that lead to the destruction, loss, alteration, or unauthorized disclosure of
or access to Controller Data. If possible, the notification shall contain a description
of:

– the nature of the breach of Controller Data, indicating, as far as possible, the
categories and the approximate number of affected data subjects, the categories and the
approximate number of affected personal data sets;

– the likely consequences of the breach of Controller Data;

– the measures taken or proposed by Book Genesis to remedy the breach of Controller Data
and, where appropriate, measures to mitigate their potential adverse effects.

6.3. In the event that the User is obligated to inform the supervisory authorities
and/or data subjects in accordance with Art. 33, 34 of GDPR, Book Genesis shall, at the
request of the User, assist the User to comply with these obligations.

7. Deletion and return of Controller Data

Upon termination of the Terms of Service Book Genesis shall delete all Controller Data,
unless

Book Genesis is obligated by law to further store Controller Data. 8. Evidence and
audits

8.1. Book Genesis shall ensure that the processing of Controller Data is consistent with
this Addendum.

8.2. Book Genesis shall document the implementations of the obligations under this
Addendum in an appropriate manner and provide the User with appropriate evidence at the
latter’s reasonable request.

8.3. At the User’s reasonable request, Book Genesis shall demonstrate compliance with
the obligations under this Addendum by submitting an opinion or report from an
independent authority (e.g. an auditor) or a suitable certification by IT security or
data protection audit relating to an inspection carried out in relation to Book
Genesis’s data processing systems (“audit report”).

USER User Legal Name: _____________________ ____________________________________
Signatory Name: _______________________ Title: _______________________________ Date:
_______________________________
    Book Genesis INC.
____________________________________ Signatory Name: _______________________ Title:
_______________________________ Date: _______________________________ AUT O’MATTIC LTD.
(IRELAND) ____________________________________ Signatory Name: _______________________
Title: _______________________________ Date: _______________________________ Page 6 of 8

Annex 1

Book Genesis maintains commercially reasonable safeguards designed to protect Controller
Data from unauthorised access, use and disclosure. Book Genesis currently abides by the
security standards below. Book Genesis may update or modify these security standards
from time to time, provided that such updates and modifications will not result in a
degradation of the overall security of Book Genesis’s services during the term of the
User’s Agreement with Book Genesis.

1. Information Security Organisational Measures

* Book Genesis has a dedicated security team committed to protecting Controller Data
  which works with our product teams to address potential security risks. * Book Genesis
  performs regular internal security testing and engages with third parties to perform
  application and network vulnerability assessments. * Book Genesis requires all
  employees with access to Controller Data to observe the confidentiality of that data,
  and trains employees on confidentiality and security. * Book Genesis uses commercially
  reasonable measures for software, services, and application development, including
  routine dynamic testing and training personnel on coding techniques that promote
  security.

2. Physical Security

* Book Genesis’s servers are co-located in data centers designed to meet the regulatory
  demands of multiple industries. All servers are housed in dedicated cages to separate
  our equipment from other tenants.

* Book Genesis’s origin servers currently meet the International Organization of
  Standardization (ISO), International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) 27001
  certification, Standards for Attestation Engagements (SSAE) No. 16 (SOC1) and SOC2
  Type 2, and ongoing surveillance reviews.

* Book Genesis limits access to facilities where information systems that process
  Controller Data are located to identified, authorized individuals via measures which
  may include identity cards, security locks, key restrictions, logging of access,
  security alarm systems, and surveillance cameras.

3. Access Controls

* Book Genesis runs network firewalls and host based firewalls (if applicable) and has
  real time processes designed to provide alerts for unauthorized access attempts. Book
  Genesis also has commercially reasonable security measures in place to help protect
  against denial of service (DDos) attacks. * Book Genesis maintains commercially
  reasonable access control procedures designed to limit access to Controller Data,
  including processes addressing password and account management for employees with
  access to Controller Data, virus scanning, and logging access to Controller Data. *
  Book Genesis encrypts (serve over SSL) all WordPress.com websites, including custom
  domains hosted on WordPress.com.

4. Data Backup and Recovery

* Book Genesis uses industry standard systems to help protect against loss of Contoller
  Data due to power supply failure or line interference, which may include fire
  protection and warning measures, emergency power generators, and data recovery
  procedures.