+++
title = "Terms of Service" date = 2020-05-16
+++

# Terms of Service

These Terms govern your access to and use of [BookGenesis.com](https://bookgenesis.com),
[EPUBPreflight.com](https://epubpreflight.com), as well as all content and Book Genesis
products and services available at or through these websites (collectively, “Services”).
These Terms also govern visitors’ access to and use of any websites that use our
Services. Our Services are offered subject to your acceptance, without modification, of
all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies
(including, without limitation, [Book Genesis’s Privacy
Policy](https://bookgenesis.com/legal/Privacy-Policy)), and procedures that may be
published from time to time by Book Genesis (collectively, the “Agreement”). You agree
that we may automatically upgrade our Services, and the Agreement will apply to any
upgrades. Please read the Agreement carefully before accessing or using our Services. By
accessing or using any part of our Services, you agree to become bound by the Agreement.
If you do not agree to all the terms of the Agreement, then you may not access or use
our Services.

## 1\. Who’s Who

Throughout these Terms, “you” applies to both individuals and entities that access or
use our Services. If you are an individual using our Services on behalf of an entity,
you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that entity to the
Agreement and that by using our Service(s), you are accepting the Agreement on behalf of
that entity. Your Agreement is with Book Genesis, Inc. We refer to Book Genesis, Inc.
collectively as “Book Genesis” or “we” / “us” throughout these Terms.

## 2\. Your Account

Where use of our Services requires an account, you agree to provide us with complete and
accurate information when you register for an account and keep the information current.
This is important because sometimes we may need to send you notable updates (for
example, about changes to our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy), or we may want to let
you know about and make informed choices in response to legal inquiries or complaints.

You will be solely responsible and liable for any activity that occurs under your
account. You are responsible for keeping your account information up-to-date and for
keeping your password secure. 

You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and any Service-related
website, store, or other content, and you are fully responsible for all activities that
occur under your account and any other actions taken in connection with our Services.
You shall not share or misuse your access credentials. You must immediately notify us of
any unauthorized uses of your account, store, or website, or of any other breach of
security. We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages
of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

When you create a [BookGenesis.com](https://bookgenesis.com) account, we consider that
to be an inquiry about our products and services, which means that we may contact you to
share more details about what we have to offer. If you aren't interested in learning
more, you can opt out of the marketing communication, whether it's an email, phone call,
or text message.

## 3\. Minimum Age Requirements

Our Services are not directed to children. Access to and use of our Services is only for
those over the age of 13 (or 16 in the European Union). If you are younger than this,
you may not register for or use our Services. Any person who registers as a user or
provides their personal information to our Services represents that they are 13 years of
age or older (or 16 years or older in the European Union).

## 4\. Responsibility of Visitors and Users

We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the content (such as, but not limited
to, text, photo, video, audio, code, computer software, items for sale, or other
materials) posted to our Services by users or anyone else (“Content”) and are not
responsible for any use or effects of such Content. So, for example:

* We do not endorse any Content or represent that Content is accurate, useful, or
  non-harmful. Content could be offensive, indecent, or objectionable; include technical
  inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, or other errors; or violate or infringe the
  privacy, publicity rights, intellectual property rights (see our Copyright
  Infringement and DMCA Policy section to submit copyright complaints), or other
  proprietary rights of third parties.

* If you post Content, comment on a website, or otherwise make (or allow any third party
  to make) Content available on our Services, you are entirely responsible for the
  Content, and any harm resulting from, that Content or your conduct.

* We disclaim any responsibility for any harm resulting from anyone’s use, purchase, or
  downloading of Content. If you access or use any Content, you are responsible for
  taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from
  viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.

* Any Content offered for sale through any of our Services are the seller’s sole
  responsibility, and you agree that you will look solely to the seller for any damages
  that result from your purchase or use of Content.

* We are not a party to, and will have no responsibility or liability for, any
  communications, transactions, interactions, or disputes between you and the provider
  of any Content.

* Please note that additional third party terms and conditions may apply to the
  downloading, copying, purchase, or use of Content.

We also have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer
software, made available through the websites and web pages that link to, or are linked
from, WordPress.com or our other Services. For example:

* We do not have any control over those websites and are not responsible for their
  contents or their use.

* The existence of a link to or from one of our Services does not represent or imply
  that we endorse such website.

* You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your
  computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive
  content.

* We disclaim any responsibility for any harm resulting from non-Book Genesis websites.

## 5\. Fees, Payment, and Renewal

**Fees for Paid Services.** Some of our Services are offered for a fee, such as [EPUB
Preflight](https://epubpreflight.com) (collectively,“Paid Services”). By using a Paid
Service, you agree to pay the specified fees and fees associated with specific features.
Depending on the Paid Service, there may be one-time fees, recurring fees, or
revenue-based fees. For recurring fees, we’ll bill or charge you for in regular
automatically-renewing intervals (such as monthly, annually, or biennially), on a
pre-pay basis until you cancel, which you can do at any time by contacting the support
team. For revenue-based fees, you pay us a percentage of the revenue your website
generates. Revenue-based fees are ongoing. 

**Taxes.** To the extent permitted by law, or unless explicitly stated otherwise, all
fees are exclusive of applicable federal, provincial, state, local or other governmental
sales, goods and services, harmonized or other taxes, fees, or charges now in force or
enacted in the future (“Taxes”). You are responsible for payment of all applicable Taxes
relating to your use of our Services, your payments, or your purchases. If we are
obligated to pay or collect Taxes on the Fees you’ve paid or will pay, you are
responsible for such Taxes, and we may collect payment for such Taxes.

**Payment.** If your payment fails or if Paid Services are otherwise not paid for or
paid for on time, we may immediately cancel or revoke your access to the Paid Services.
If you contact your bank or credit card company to decline or reverse the charge of fees
for Paid Services, we may revoke your access to our Services in general.

**Automatic Renewal.** To ensure uninterrupted service, recurring Paid Services are
automatically renewed. This means that unless you cancel a Paid Service before the end
of the applicable subscription period, it will automatically renew, and you authorize us
to invoice you or use any payment mechanism we have on record for you to collect the
then-applicable subscription fee (as well as any Taxes). By default, your Paid Services
will be renewed for the same interval of time as your original subscription period. We
may charge your account up to one month before the end of the subscription period. It is
your responsibility to make sure you are checking your email (including any spam or
other filters) in order to receive any reminder email we send to you in advance of
renewal. The date for the automatic renewal is determined automatically based on the
date of the original purchase and cannot be changed. 

**Cancelling Automatic Renewal.** You can manage and cancel your Paid Services at the
respective Service’s site. You must repeat this process for each subscription you wish
to cancel.

**Fee Changes.** We may change our fees at any time, or start charging fees for Services
that were previously free. When applicable, we may give you advance notice of the fee
changes. If you don’t agree with the fee changes, you must cancel your Paid Service.

**No-Show Policy.** We may have a “no-show policy” for some Paid Services, which means
that if you fail to show up or are late for a scheduled session, we may withhold the
Service without a refund.

**Refunds.** While you may cancel a Paid Service at any time, refunds are issued in our
sole discretion, unless otherwise required by applicable law.

## 6\. General Representation and Warranty

You represent and warrant that your use of our Services:

* will be in strict accordance with these Terms;

* will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (including, without limitation,
  all applicable laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content, privacy, data
  protection, the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the
  country in which you reside, the use of financial services, notification and consumer
  protection, unfair competition, and false advertising);

* will not use the Services for any unlawful purposes, to publish illegal content, or in
  furtherance of illegal activities;

* will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third
  party;

* will not overburden Book Genesis’s systems, as determined by us in our sole
  discretion;

* will not disclose sensitive personal information of others;

* will not be used to send spam or bulk unsolicited messages;

* will not interfere with, disrupt, or attack any service or network; and

* will not be used to create, distribute, or enable material that is - or that
  facilitates or operates in conjunction with - malware, spyware, adware, or other
  malicious programs or code.

## 7\. Specific Service Terms

### a. EPUBPreflight.com Content

[EPUBPreflight.com](https://epubpreflight.com/) enables you to audit your EPUBs to
ensure they are ready to distribute to all platforms. You own all content you post to
your EPUBPreflight.com. However, be responsible in what you publish. In particular, make
sure that none of the prohibited items (like spam, viruses, or serious threats of
violence) appear in your content. If you find content on EPUBPreflight.com that you
believe violates these Terms, please [contact us](https://bookgenesis.com/contact). 

**License.** When you submit content to or through our Services, you grant Book Genesis
a worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to host, store, reproduce, adapt,
communicate, publicly display, and distribute such content. The rights you grant in this
license are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services
and developing new ones. This license continues even if you stop using our Services.
Some Services may offer you ways to access and remove content that has been provided to
that Service. Make sure you have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any
content that you submit to our Services.

**Removing Content.** If you delete Content, we will use reasonable efforts to remove it
from public view  on EPUBPreflight.com, but you acknowledge that caching or references
to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable. 

**Web Traffic.** We use third parties to measure audience and usage on
EPUBPreflight.com. By hosting your Content on EPUBPreflight.com, you agree to assign the
traffic relating to your website to Book Genesis and authorize us to sign a Traffic
Assignment Letter on your behalf for audience measurement reports. Your website’s
traffic will be included under EPUBPreflight.com and Book Genesis. You understand that
your website will not receive credit for traffic in these reports, and you must not
assign your website’s traffic to any other party. If we or our third-party providers
require additional documentation to verify ownership of your website or domain name, you
agree to make reasonable efforts to accommodate such requests. 

**Prohibited Uses.** By using EPUBPreflight.com, you represent and warrant that your
Content and conduct do not violate the [User
Guidelines](https://bookgenesis.com/legal/User-Guidelines/). 

**Advertisements.** We reserve the right to display advertisements on your Content pages
unless you have purchased a plan that includes the removal of ads. 

**Attribution.** We reserve the right to display attribution text or links in your
website footer or toolbar, attributing EPUBPreflight.com or the theme author, for
example. These attributions may not be altered or removed.  

## 8\. Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy

As we ask others to respect our intellectual property rights, we respect the
intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or
associated with an Book Genesis product or service violates your copyright, please
notify us in accordance with [Book Genesis’s Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”)
Policy](https://bookgenesis.com/legal/dmca-notice/). We will respond to all such
notices, including as required or appropriate by removing the infringing material or
disabling all links to the infringing material. We will terminate a visitor’s access to
and use of the website if, under appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to
be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of Book
Genesis or others. In the case of such termination, we will have no obligation to
provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to us.

## 9\. Intellectual Property

The Agreement does not transfer from Book Genesis to you any Book Genesis or third party
intellectual property, and all right, title, and interest in and to such property will
remain (as between the parties) solely with Book Genesis. Book Genesis, BookGenesis.com
EPUB Preflight, EPUBPreflight.com, the BookGenesis.com and EPUBPreflight.com logos, and
all other trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with Book
Genesis or our Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Book Genesis or Book
Genesis’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in
connection with our Services may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of
our Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Book
Genesis or third party trademarks.

## 10\. Changes

We are constantly updating our Services and that means sometimes we have to change the
legal terms under which our Services are offered. These Terms may only be modified by a
written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Book Genesis, or by the posting
by Book Genesis of a revised version. If we make changes that are material, we will let
you know by posting on one of our blogs, or by sending you an email or other
communication before the changes take effect. The notice will designate a reasonable
period of time after which the new terms will take effect. If you disagree with our
changes, then you should stop using our Services within the designated notice period, or
once the changes become effective. Your continued use of our Services will be subject to
the new terms. However, any dispute that arose before the changes shall be governed by
the Terms (including the binding individual arbitration clause) that were in place when
the dispute arose.

## 11\. Termination

We may terminate your access to all or any part of our Services at any time, with or
without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. We have the right (though
not the obligation) to, in our sole discretion, (i) reclaim your username or content's
URL due to prolonged inactivity, (ii) refuse or remove any content that, in our
reasonable opinion, violates any Book Genesis policy or is in any way harmful or
objectionable, (iii) ask you to make some adjustments, restrict the resources your
content uses, or terminate your Services, if we believe your content's storage or
bandwidth usage is out of hand and/or burdens our systems, or (iv) terminate or deny
access to and use of any of our Services to any individual or entity for any reason. We
will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.

If you wish to terminate the Agreement or your BookGenesis.com account, you may simply
discontinue using our Services, or, if you are using a paid service, you may cancel at
any time, subject to the Fees, Payment, and Renewal section in these Terms. 

All provisions of the Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall
survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty
disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.

## 12\. Disclaimer of Warranties

Our Services are provided “as is.” Book Genesis and its suppliers and licensors hereby
disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation,
the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and
non-infringement. Neither Book Genesis, nor its suppliers and licensors, makes any
warranty that our Services will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous
or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or
services through, our Services at your own discretion and risk.

## 13\. Jurisdiction and Applicable Law.

Except to the extent any applicable law provides otherwise, the Agreement and any access
to or use of our Services will be governed by the laws of the state of Illinois, U.S.A.,
excluding its conflict of law provisions. The proper venue for any disputes arising out
of or relating to the Agreement and any access to or use of our Services will be the
state and federal courts located in DeKalb County, Illinois.

## 14\. Arbitration Agreement

Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual
property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a
bond), any dispute arising under the Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance
with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation
Service, Inc. (“JAMS”) by three arbitrators appointed in accordance with such Rules. The
arbitration shall take place in DeKalb County, Illinois, in the English language and the
arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action or
proceeding to enforce the Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees.

## 15\. Limitation of Liability

In no event will Book Genesis, or its suppliers, partners, or licensors, be liable with
respect to any subject matter of the Agreement under any contract, negligence, strict
liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or
consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services;
(iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts
that exceed $50 or the fees paid by you to Book Genesis under the Agreement during the
twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action, whichever is greater. Book
Genesis shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their
reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable
law.

## 16\. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Book Genesis, its contractors, and its
licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and
against any and all losses, liabilities, demands, damages, costs, claims, and expenses,
including attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to your use of our Services,
including but not limited to your violation of the Agreement or any agreement with a
provider of third-party services used in connection with the Services, Content that you
post, and any ecommerce activities conducted through your or another user’s website.

## 17\. US Economic Sanctions

You expressly represent and warrant that your use of our Services and/or associated
services and products is not contrary to applicable U.S. Sanctions. Such use is
prohibited, and we reserve the right to terminate accounts or access of those in the
event of a breach of this condition.

## 18\. Data Processing Agreement

If you need a Data Processing Agreement with us for the GDPR requirements that apply to
us as a data processor for your website, please follow [these
instructions](https://bookgenesis.com/legal/GDPR-Data-Processing-Agreements).

## 19\. Translation

These Terms were originally written in English (US). We may translate these terms into
other languages. In the event of a conflict between a translated version of these Terms
and the English version, the English version will control.

## 20\. Miscellaneous

The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Book Genesis and you concerning
the subject matter hereof. If any part of the Agreement is held invalid or
unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and
the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of
any term or condition of the Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will
not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your
rights under the Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its
terms and conditions; Book Genesis may assign its rights under the Agreement without
condition. The Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the
parties, their successors and permitted assigns. 

## 21\. License and Attribution

These Terms are derived from Automattic's [WordPress Terms of Service][WordPress-TOC]
and are made available under a [Creative Commons Sharealike][CCSA] license. You’re more
than welcome to copy them, adapt them, and repurpose them for your own use. Just make
sure to revise the language so that your Terms reflect your actual practices. Also, if
you do adopt the Book Genesis Terms, please credit and link to [Book Genesis][bgcom] and
[Automattic][Automattic] somewhere on your website.

[WordPress-TOC]: https://github.com/Automattic/legalmattic/blob/master/Terms%20of%20Service/WordPress.com/EN-Terms-of-Service.md
[CCSA]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
[bgcom]: https://bookgenesis.com
[Automattic]: https://automattic.com